It anyway so now that's a sufficient list.
I mean I can do this pretty much all day.
You really just fishing.
So at this point what I do is I would go back to my Twitter list and just start messaging people.
So we'd start at the bottom.
So they're saying so excited coming up with new business ideas.
Can't wait to show what I've been working on.
I know it feels a little random kind of jumping into someone's conversation.
But what could you say.
OK so that's what I could probably say.
That's awesome.
The idea is it will work out in community of people coming up the ideas if you're interested.
So I mean I'm responding to them.
I'm not just doing a good templated nonsense but it's a little bit of a redirection.
So the Course has a community of people when we do share ideas.
I was just thinking maybe sincerity had the idea that's more appealing.
So we'll try that one.
OK.
Moving on.
See next one.
One coming up ideas new business ventures.
I asked my mentor to sit down to discuss every move step.
Interesting.
Probably something along the lines of like that's cool maybe or something.
And the interesting thing is I could just do something like lay him like this.
We tried this for self-promotional but then I could make it a little more personal.
All right.
So we are steadily moving along here.
That's to
writes this guy is talking.
He's good at coming up with ideas.
Kind of the reverse author what to get
on the room.
I am trying to make fun of them being like I'd love to hear your advice.
My base.
All right.
Moving along.
Coming up some new ideas for my business.
They certainly hope the all of K-Y Jelly have that work.
It gets
really
OK.
Here's one that's a legit complainer saying that problems with this so I'm so I'm Kreator when it comes
to coming up with ideas using a business partner or something.
NCM is self brainstorming
other easy ways to do it.
It's more science in art or just Petrou.
Not our Erica moving along
so in this one maybe I'll take a different tack being like do you have any advice.
Do you have any idea what to do with this group.
That's all things norming
together.
OK this is too old.
I'm just going to skip it.
Are we now worth it.
Well that will notify the person so
there's another complaining person so it is pretty on point.
So I'm just really going to piggyback this one decently for him and to have about 25 different
people have to work really hard to come up with ideas for things to make money.
I always try and mind my business and make my friends happy.
I know I know they are stocking up but she's not very active.
He used her to focus.
Maybe this will help
teen savvy ways turn bad business ideas into good ideas.
I might skip this one.
It doesn't really count.
I think you get the point.
I'm going hop over to read it a message to this person and he said all of his old post Business.
Hey I thought all your is talking about are you talking about how to come up with business.
These use your I think it's super hard.
Just
lose
interest.
There you go.
And then basically I just make sure that he knows it's not like a copy paste message I'll just say like
message ever.
OK.
Now on the show.
So I'll finish out this list and we will pay attention and see if any of this works we'll see if the
traffic comes through any of the clicks.
Realistically you know I mean how long does it take me like 20 minutes to do the message like eight
people something like that.
And those are all pretty relevant.
Right.
And I'm depending on what I'm selling and how appealing it is.
It could be easily the case that you get a couple of sales.
I don't really know if I spent two hours doing this.
I could easily message 40 people.
OK so I'm going it a certain point I might run out of good options and I started going to worse options
but I mean you can really troll for this forever and we didn't even get into the third technique which
is just google searching you google search will find tons and tons of forums and other sites and commenters
and just really anything.
And then we haven't even touched any other social network so there's a pretty good example all monitor
the traffic and we you guys will see you later if that works out.
All right guys.
See you later.